Add documentation for LaTeX macros and mathengine (#1822)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: docs/src/man/latex.md

    \end{array}\right]
""")
```

> ## Set math engine and define macros for LaTeX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set math engine and define macros for LaTeX

```

> Add the `mathengine` argument to [`Documenter.Writers.HTMLWriter.HTML`](@ref) which allows the math rendering engine to be specified and support both MathJax and KaTeX (the latter is the default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mathengine` argument to [`Documenter.Writers.HTMLWriter.HTML`](@ref) allows the math rendering engine to be specified, supporting both MathJax and KaTeX (with the latter being the default).
```

Furthermore, you can also pass custom configuration to the rendering engine. E.g. to add global LaTeX command definitions, you can set `mathengine` to:
```julia
mathengine = Documenter.MathJax(Dict(:TeX => Dict(
    :equationNumbers => Dict(:autoNumber => "AMS"),
    :Macros => Dict(
        :ket => ["|#1\\rangle", 1],
        :bra => ["\\langle#1|", 1],
    ),
)))
```

> Or on MathJax v3, the
> [physics package](http://mirrors.ibiblio.org/CTAN/macros/latex/contrib/physics/physics.pdf)
> can be loaded:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or with MathJax v3, the [physics package](http://mirrors.ibiblio.org/CTAN/macros/latex/contrib/physics/physics.pdf) can be loaded:
```

```julia
mathengine = MathJax3(Dict(
    :loader => Dict("load" => ["[tex]/physics"]),
    :tex => Dict(
        "inlineMath" => [["\$","\$"], ["\\(","\\)"]],
        "tags" => "ams",
        "packages" => ["base", "ams", "autoload", "physics"],
    ),
)),
```

> `MathJax2`, `MathJax3` and `KaTeX` are available types for `mathengine`.

Reviewer: I would turn these three into at-ref links.
